[Music]
secret fears 90 of men never talk about
so uh so i'm in the other 10 is that
what you're saying
okay i'll talk about it do men care
about their diets
is it true that they worry about their
relationships
is it even possible that men can have
secrets
no way is what many women would answer
they look so strong and decisive
however this is just another stereotype
that our society imposed
we at bright side are against all kinds
of stereotypes
that's why we're going to tell you about
12 things that actually worry most men
counting down from number 12 what their
body looks like
from a very young age women learn to
think that their body should be ideal
all the time they think they should work
out very often and constantly follow a
diet
we are not quite sure where these
stereotypes come from
but we do know that there is no such
thing for men
however it doesn't mean that they don't
worry about their physical shape
or compare it with well-built men in
magazines
otherwise why would men spend so much
time in the gym
they try to look better so they can
compete with other men
and the worst fear is someone mentioning
their beer belly
to avoid it men are ready for everything
even exercising
instead of watching football with a
bottle of beer
[Music]
number 11. financial situation
money is one of the most popular things
that keep men awake at night
from childhood men realize that they are
supposed to be breadwinners
otherwise they don't deserve to be
called men
that's why many men grow up scared to
start a relationship
because they think that the most
important thing is how much they earn
well guys it is just simply not true
it's not the money that women fall for
yes prosperity can add to a man's appeal
but it's care and attention that are
really important for ladies
and if you're dating a woman who only
cares about money
she is definitely not worth your time
amen
number 10 their height
[Music]
how can a man not worry about one of the
main features of
an ideal man being tall so
a short guy can't be ideal by definition
no of course it's not true
women don't fall in love with tall guys
just because they're tall
maybe they are simply more confident
than that's all
if you happen to be a short guy don't
fall into despair
size does not matter unless it's about
the size of your
heart no matter how cheesy this might
sound
hey what'd you think i was gonna say
number nine sex is terrible
what if you tell him that he is great in
bed only out of pity
what if all your ex-partners were much
better than him and he
is a disaster well this can be a hard
problem to solve
if you never talk about it make this
sort of conversation a normal thing to
discuss
which it actually is once you make him
more confident
you will see that the sex will get much
better as well
number eight other men can be a threat
when men are jealous it's not usually as
obvious as when women are
however it hurts their self-esteem just
as much
your boyfriend might show absolutely no
signs of being worried when you
occasionally tell him about a male
colleague with a wonderful sense of
humor
girls don't let this confident mass
deceive you
he is worried as hell he compares
himself to his potential competitor
don't let fear and doubt thrive they may
be really destructive to your
relationship
if you feel like you need to talk ask
him to explain how he feels
and tell him there is no threat
whatsoever
number seven your family hates him
[Music]
you know all these jokes about fathers
and mothers in law
men really worry about your family's
attitude to you because
they can easily influence you so you may
notice that your boyfriend starts to
laugh at your father's jokes a little
bit harder than necessary
guys if you've been in such a situation
like this video if something like this
happens
don't hesitate to discuss the situation
remember
talking solves problems
number six little experience in
relationships
we think that movies are to blame for
the image of a macho that is stuck in
every man's head
that's why they always try to look like
more experienced lovers than they really
are
they can even lie about how many
ex-girlfriends they had
in fact they are just as afraid of doing
something wrong as women are
support and honesty will help both you
and your partner
feel more confident
number five hair
the hair on the body and the head is
always a problem for men
a little amount of hair on the body what
if it doesn't look macho enough
too much hair is it too scary or too
messy
and the worst thing that can happen is
becoming bald
especially for men that used to have
long hair they start panicking when this
happens
so they look for clinics shampoos they
spend a lot of money on them
and when they don't help they get
depressed don't mention this to your
boyfriend
just tell them that you don't care about
little things like that
hair or no hair you love them anyway
number four diet
i'm on a diet this is what men very
often hear from women
but how would you react if a man said
that to some people
it sounds a little strange however men
also care about their bodies
about their health and the foods they
eat and that's absolutely normal
who doesn't want to live a long healthy
life and be in good shape at the same
time
it's just that men talk about this way
less often
don't make fun of your partner if he is
suddenly worried about his diet
it's great that he cares you'd like him
to stay attractive right
number three their relationship with
their girlfriend
so many articles have been written in
women's magazines
about saving relationships however if
men
started talking about problems with
their girlfriends or about how much they
are worried about them
it might sound strange but why
is it because men are supposed to be
brutal and they shouldn't worry about
such
insignificant things as relationships
look
they want everything to be okay just as
much as you want it
so let them worry will you number two
how many partners a girl had before him
if a woman has more partners than the
man before they met
he might feel the necessity to compete
with them besides
he might also worry that he doesn't have
as much experience as you do
what you should do here is explain to
him that what happened in the past
is past and now he is your present and
your conscious choice
he has nothing to worry about keep in
mind that when you're telling him this
there is a fat chance that the man will
deny the fact that he is worried
he'll say it's all cool i know you love
me
don't believe that men are not used to
showing their weaknesses
so you have to say what you want to say
anyway
and number one open expression of
emotions
[Music]
don't cry you're a man this is what most
men always hurt as children
their parents wanted to make them strong
enough to protect their families
however we think that it's not such a
good idea
like this video if you agree like we
said before
men are scared of showing their true
emotions which is terrible
everyone needs to let it all out from
time to time
don't add fuel to the fire and don't say
that a man is supposed to handle
difficulties easily
men owe nothing to anyone and if you
accidentally see your boyfriend crying
pretend if possible that you didn't
notice anything
if he knows that you noticed discuss the
problem with him
and don't hide the very fact that he
cried yes
maybe women are more emotional but it
doesn't mean men
don't deserve to cry sometimes like this
video
if you enjoyed it are there any other
men fears that we haven't told you about
tell us in the comment section below
send this video to your friends
both male and female it'll be useful for
everyone
and don't forget to hit the subscribe
button to join us
on the bright side of life